The Gaming Room client is a company that has an application called "Draw it or Lose it" that they had outsourced for development for web-based access. I believe that I did most of the programming particularly well, as I don't believe I had many errors. I found the design document helpful through the process of writing down changes on the days that I made them. It made it easier to pick up where I left off and organize where I still needed to go with the programming. 

If I could choose any part of the document to revise I would pick to revise the comparisons between OS platforms and what it is like to develop on them. I feel as though my understanding of that was lackluster and could be improved with more studying and research. I interpreted the user's needs and implemented them by reading over what it was they asked for and replicating it to the best of my ability. Looking for platforms and development tools that would help mostly based on the needs for the growth of the application. It's important to consider the user's needs when developing as the user is going to be the one using the application. If it is difficult to use or unpleasant to look at you would the application would not do well. I approached designing the software like I would any other coding project. I looked at what needed to be done and what had already been done. I then used resources to help me clean up any holes in my knowledge of the programming and spent a good section of a day working on it and debugging it. 
